Add an example of suppressing CS0067, when event is unused intentionally (#33668)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/misc/cs0067.md

   {  
   }  
}  
```  
  

> If the event is unused intentionaly (for example when it's part of an interface a class implements) then one way to suppress the warning is:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the event is unused intentionally, for example, when it's part of an interface implementation, then you can avoid emitting an unnecessary field as follows:  
```
